The world told you to man up to succeed.
But who said that you have to be cold
and masculine in order to be
successful? Who made the rules and said
you have to hustle 24/7 to be wealthy as
a woman? Hi guys, welcome back to my
channel. My name is Michaela and today
we are talking about how you can embody
that boss girl in you while not losing
your softness. Let's get into this.
First of all, I have to clarify
something about softness. Softness is
not weakness. Softness doesn't mean that
you are being passive. Softness is
actually your biggest strength. And in
general, softness is a strength. And
everything about being in your feminine
energy means that you are being soft,
intuitive, and radiant or magnetic. And
when you as a woman are intuitive, soft,
magnetic, guess what? Everything comes
into your life easily because you are
attracting the opportunities. You are
attracting money. You are attracting all
the good things in life without doing so
much because you trust the process. You
trust your softness. You trust your
feminine power. And there lies so much
into that because sometimes we think we
have to struggle, we have to hustle, we
have to strive in order to make a lot of
money. And I was there too. I was
hustling. I was doing personal trainings
and everything that was not useful for
me, that was not making me money, that
was not being productive, I was removing
from my daily day and from my to-do
list. But while doing that, yes, I was
making money, but I was not making
abundance. I was not creating enough
money to live a really comfortable life.
I was just making enough money to
survive. And I was in constant stress,
in constant pressure, in constant
survival mode. If you are in constant
survival mode, you are only attracting
survival mode. And that's another thing.
When you understand your feminine
energy, when you understand your
softness, you understand being magnetic
attracts literally everything that you
already are, that will change your whole
life. My example, I was doing personal
trainings. I was constantly rushing from
one appointment to the other
appointment. I was constantly in stress.
I was waking up at 400 a.m. Had my first
client at 6:00 a.m. And throughout the
day, I was just feeling tired. I was
feeling stressed. I was feeling drained.
And all I was thinking about, I have to
do more. I have to find more clients. I
have to do this, this, this, this. I was
in constant stress mode. I was in
constant survival mode. And of course, I
would only attract more situations of
being in survival mode. I cannot earn
attract wealth and more money because I
was not more money. If that makes any
sense to you. If I'm acting from a place
of I need to make more money because I
do not have enough then I will always be
in a situation where I will need more
money because I will feel like I do not
have enough. At the end when you embody
your softness, your feminine energy and
you implement that in your business,
then your business is going to drive
even more. You are going to act from a
place of openness, kindness, and
gracefulness because you know it's your
power play. Now the next thing is what
being a boss girl actually means. Being
a boss girl means leading with vision
and confidence. You can lead in your
job. You can lead in your business. You
can lead in being a mom. You can lead in
so many ways. But you need to be
confident in what you are leading. If
you have a vision and your vision is
helping many women, then you are leading
with that vision. If your vision is
creating an amazing family, a big family
with 20 kids, that's your vision where
you are driving and working from. And
with that vision and that confidence in
your vision, you're going to take
action. You're going to make bold
decisions. You set clear boundaries that
do not align with your vision and that
protect your vision. Also, as a boss
girl, you understand you don't have to
do everything by yourself. You are not
winning a trophy from doing everything
yourself, doing everything and even more
overworking over hours. You understand
as a boss girl, you have to delegate
some of your tasks because you cannot do
everything by yourself. And even if you
can, doing everything by yourself is not
working from your feminine energy. Is
not working from a place of abundance,
from a place of, hey, I know I'm going
to get more. I'm going
to have more work. I'm going to have
more kids. I'm going to be more busy.
I'm going to have more money coming in.
And of course, when you have help, when
you delegate some of your tasks to other
people, you are giving the signal out
there that you know your business is
going to drive more because you truly
and deeply know that your business, your
vision is growing constantly and while
your business, your vision is growing,
you will need help in future or you need
it already. So the very important things
are as a boss girl you need to have a
vision. You need to have the confidence
to take action for that vision and you
need to be able to set boundaries to
protect your vision and you have to
learn to delegate. For me it's still so
difficult to delegate tasks to other
people because I'm always thinking I
know everything better. I know
everything the best myself. I do not
want to waste time to explain something
to other people. But I have to remind
myself again and again that with
delegating tasks to other people, I
create more space for my femininity and
my femininity at the end is going to
make my business grow. The next thing I
want to talk about is how you can build
wealth while staying in your femininity.
The thing is when we are stuck in
today's society's rules like when we are
stuck in a 9-to-five job that really
puts us kind of in a box where we cannot
grow, where we cannot go out, it's
pretty difficult to be feminine and
actually become wealthy, create wealth.
Imagine you have a seed of a tree and
you are planting that seed of the tree
in a small pot with soil. You plant it,
you put that soil daily in the sun, you
give it water, you give it all the
nutrients it needs, but it stays in that
small pot. Once the roots start to grow
and they are growing bigger and bigger,
they can not support the tree to
actually grow to a tree. The tree will
be stuck in the smallalness in the size
that it is and it will never reach its
full potential. It will never grow to
its 2 m high tree with a lot of leaves
with a lot of air bringing to this
community of earth. It's stuck. But if
you would plant this tree now, you go to
the woods, you go outside and you plant
that small tree outside, it's going to
grow like a massive big tree and maybe
it's even alive for hundreds of years
and growing and growing and growing
because there the tree can expand
endlessly, right? There is no limits
when it's outside. there is enough soil
for the roots that can support the big
tree for its standing. And of course
outside there are sometimes winds, there
are storms, there are animals, insects,
maybe maybe even accidents, but that
tree is growing even more and can
withstand all of that. And now put
yourself in the position as a tree, as a
small seed of a tree. Let's say you are
in a 9-to-f5 job for so long and it
brought you what you needed in that
time. It gave you money. It supported
you in moments of your life. You needed
support. You started to earn money the
first time of your life. But now you
feel stuck because you are in the same
environment since years and you feel
like you actually want to expand but you
can't expand because your job doesn't
even give you opportunities to expand.
Some jobs are like this. Sometimes you
are not even able to get a higher
position in your company and then you
are stuck and you have to work more and
more and more do over hours to get more
money. In that case you have to be like
that small tree in the small pot and
take that leap of faith and try
something new. I'm not saying that you
have to immediately quit your job and
jump into the cold water, but you can
save up some money while working in your
job where you are not able to expand
where you have to be in your small pot.
You still can expand your free time and
you can work on something that truly
nurtures your soul, that truly makes you
happy. what aligns with you. Nowadays,
there are so many ways to make money,
like literally it's limitless. And once
you have that in your mind that
actually, hey, it's limitless. You can
do whatever you want to do, but you have
to start with something. You can start a
Instagram. You can start a Tik Tok
channel. And you don't even have to show
your face if you do not want to show
your face. You can start to sell PDFs.
You can start to sell ebooks on how to
be more feminine, on how to quit your
job, on how to understand your cats, on
how to find great places in the world,
on how to travel on a budget, for
example. Find something that aligns with
you, with your hobbies, with your soul's
desire, because then you will do this
anyways with ease. It's not going to
feel like pressure and more doing and
it's not enough. It's going to feel like
something you're anyways doing because
you're enjoying it. And part of creating
wealth as a feminine woman is find
something that you're truly enjoying.
You cannot have a vision when you hate
what you do. You cannot have that desire
to wake up in the morning and get things
done and explore the world when you hate
your life. When you do not like what you
do, when you hate your job and your job
makes you feel stuck, you cannot expand.
You cannot attract more wealth unless
you find something on the side for now
that really makes you feel that passion,
that really makes you feel that, oh
yeah, that's maybe my purpose. And even
if you do not feel like that's your
purpose or you do not know what's your
purpose, I have been there for so long.
What I learned was to just do. If you
keep staying stuck here in your mind
thinking about what's my purpose, what
can I do that I really
like? Do I like to swim? Nah. Do I like
to post on Instagram? Not really. I
don't like to show my face. If you keep
stuck in your head, you will not get the
answers. You have to try out things.
Like literally just do it. Start an
Instagram channel without showing your
face. If you do not feel comfortable
showing your face, just for the sake of
doing it, and you will feel very quickly
if that's a thing you would like to
continue or it's just making you feel
drained, then you just stop and you move
on to the next thing. Try out new things
and you will see in the process what's
for you. When I was not sure what's my
purpose, I was trying to go as much out
of my comfort zone as much as I could.
Like these street interviews that you
see on my YouTube channel and on my
Instagram, you think I felt comfortable
asking those really dumb questions to
some random people on the street? No, I
didn't. But I knew I was stuck in my
life and I had to do something. And I
knew I have to first of all get myself
outside of my comfort zone
to open my mind to just get a different
perspective of life, of what I'm doing,
of what's my purpose. And I just kept
doing I started creating YouTube videos.
I started creating Instagram videos. I
just started doing and no it didn't work
immediately and no I felt still stuck
then I thought I need
to heal myself first but at the end I
didn't need to do anything but kept
going that's what's really going to help
you find your purpose the most important
thing I want you to understand is that
wealth doesn't require hardness or
burnout and that you have to focus Focus
on alignment instead of focusing on
effort. More effort is not going to make
you more money. More alignment is going
to make you more money. And more
alignment means receiving more love,
receiving more money, receiving wealth,
receiving support. All of these are
receiving energies. And while you
receive all of these, you will
automatically feel regulated in your
nervous system. You will feel softer.
You will feel blessed. You will feel
happy, of course. And then from then on,
everything is just it's like a snowball
that gets bigger and bigger. Once you
have that momentum, you are just going
to strive and you will think, "Wow, she
was so right." like why I didn't just do
that earlier. Now, if you are already a
boss girl, you already have your big
business running. You already have
achieved so much success and wealth, but
you kind of lost your femininity in the
way. There are still ways you can find
back to your feminine softness while
working a lot in your vision and with
alignment. How you can do that is by
first of all understanding when to use
your masculine energy and when to use
your feminine energy. You have to be
really aware of what's feminine and
what's masculine and when is what
helpful because as a woman we have so
many benefits in this world. When we are
in our softness, we can use our charm.
We can use
our beauty. We can use our softness to
getting deals done actually even more
than when we are being in our
masculinity. So you have to understand
when to use what. Apart from that once
you are at home, once you are out of
your job, stop working and plan time for
yourself. Plan time for a spa day. Plan
time for reading a book. When you feel
like everything is too much, you are
allowed to take rest. You are allowed to
stop for a second, sit back, and not
only are you allowed to do that, it
actually will bring you further than you
would ever get when forcing your way
through. To understand that better,
think about the first point of my video
when I explained to you that being
magnetic means that you will attract
more of what you already are. So if you
are in pressure mode, you will not only
attract more situations where you will
feel that way, you will also not attract
any other situations. Like if you keep
being in constant stress and working
when you keep mistreating your body and
your
femininity, you are not able to grow.
you are saying no to anything that is
good for you because you say yes to
what's not good for you. Other things
you can do is to wear flowy dresses, to
speak softly, to speak in a kind way
when it's allowing it to do so. You
don't have to be always strict and harsh
tone. Even though I understand when
you're a boss girl, it can be beneficial
in some moments, but in others it's not.
And once you are at home, you can
completely focus on yourself. Do your
journaling, for example. Try to connect
with your soul when you're at home. Do
some skin care ritual on a daily basis.
Take a bath. Breathe for five minutes.
really breathe into your belly and focus
on how you feel internally instead of
doing more work thinking about what
you're going to do tomorrow. Let
yourself be for a moment when you are
out of your work when you are not that
boss girl. Blending both energies on a
daily basis is so important for every
and each one of you who wants to be
wealthy and not lose your softness in
the process. As I already said, being
soft doesn't mean being weak. But being
masculine is also not something really
bad and we should never be in. You have
to know when to use what. If you are in
a meeting with a man, it's good to be in
your femininity. It's good to be soft.
Even if the meeting is about a deal,
about
business, you being in your soft
feminine energy while being clear what
you want, having your boundaries, this
will make you win. Just think about the
movie Legally Blonde. If you have not
seen it, watch it. Think about L. Woods.
L. Woods is super feminine. In the
beginning, she is also very passive with
her boyfriend and she doesn't really
have boundaries, right? Like she's a bit
naive. But as soon as she was having her
vision as she knew what she wanted which
was to do the university to become a
lawyer doesn't matter what the reason
for this vision was once she had that
vision she was in her feminine energy
with clear boundaries with a clear
vision and she was able to do so much
like she was able to step into to her
fullest potential and do the university,
be an agrade student. As I remember, I
think she was the best in her year. And
that's a perfect example of how to
balance your masculine and feminine
energy. She still came to university
with a cute pink dress. Even her paper
was perfumed. She was still embracing
her femininity in all ways possible. But
she knew her vision. She had her
boundaries. And anything that was
crossing her boundaries, she said no to.
When that guy, that headmaster wanted to
touch her on the leg, she immediately
said no and stood up because that's not
part of her vision. Her vision is to be
a successful lawyer by herself. and
everything
that goes beyond this is not in her real
armor. What I want to tell you is that
Elwoods is mastering blending feminine
and masculine energy and using it when
needed. She is feminine. She is a
feminine woman from the inside out. But
sometimes she has to use her masculine
energy in order to get what she wants.
She had to study for her exams like
everyone else. She was studying while
she was on the treadmill, working on her
body. She was balancing. She was
combining feminine and masculine energy
at once. She was masculine in the way of
studying and getting things done on
time, but in the meanwhile, she was
working out to have a beautiful body and
wearing pink to embracing her
femininity. So ladies, watch this movie
if you haven't. It will open your eyes.
And if you have watched it, watch it
again and try to take attention to what
she did in her feminine energy and when
she used her masculine energy. Now
before ending the video, I want to tell
you another thing. Money is supposed to
flow. Money is called currency. And
currency is coming from current. Current
is supposed to flow. A current, right?
If you remember, I told you in another
video, feminine energy is also supposed
to flow. Feminine energy is flowing like
water. Now, if you think about that, you
will understand why feminine energy and
money are connected. And when you are
not flowing means you are not flowing in
your feminine energy, you are not
flowing in your life. You are not going
out, you're not expanding yourself.
Also, money cannot flow to you. If you
have some money, of course, do not spend
everything. Think wisely. Always keep
some small savings just for the worst
case days. But keep spending your money.
Keep buying your mache. Keep buying
things that truly make you happy. With
money, you have to learn to spend with
intention, receive with openness, and
invest from alignment. And once you keep
those three points in your mind, and
once you do that constantly, you will
see how money keeps coming and going.
But all in all, it keeps growing. Your
wealth can only keep growing like a
snowball when it can get out and in.
Money will start to respond and it will
come back to you amplified. And that's
also why when you are in your feminine
energy, you will automatically get more
wealthy. Money flows to feminine energy
because the feminine energy is like a
vessel. It's receptive. It's magnetic
and it attracts and it receives. So
money is another energy that is out
there and it can only go to an open
vessel. As a feminine woman, you do not
beg for money. You do not chase money.
You do not force money. You sit back and
you know and trust that you will
receive. Not saying sit back and do
nothing. Do your things. Do what you
love. Do what you live for. Do what is
in your vision and what's aligned for
you. And then just sit back and trust
that money is coming to you. Be
comfortable with receiving. And the more
grounded and feminine you are, the more
money will also be attracted to you.
Anyways guys, I hope this could help. I
love you so so much and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.